update user/gto, user/pbc/gto (#16)
pyscf/pyscf.github.io: source/user/pbc/gto.rst

  >>> cell.build()

The other two equivalent ways to initialize a molecule 
introduced in :numref:`user_gto` also apply here::

  >>> from pyscf.pbc import gto
  >>> cell = gto.Cell()
  >>> cell.build(
  ...   atom = '''H  0 0 0; H 1 1 1''',
  ...   basis = 'gth-dzvp',
  ...   pseudo = 'gth-pade',
  ...   a = numpy.eye(3) * 2)

  >>> import pyscf
  >>> cell = pyscf.M(
  ...   atom = '''H  0 0 0; H 1 1 1''',
  ...   basis = 'gth-dzvp',
  ...   pseudo = 'gth-pade',
  ...   a = numpy.eye(3) * 2)

  >>> from pyscf.pbc import gto
  >>> cell = gto.M(
  ...   atom = '''H  0 0 0; H 1 1 1''',
  ...   basis = 'gth-dzvp',
  ...   pseudo = 'gth-pade',
  ...   a = numpy.eye(3) * 2)

Lattice vectors
---------------

The crystal initialization requires an additional parameter :attr:`~Cell.a`, which
represents the lattice vectors. The format of :attr:`~Cell.a` is array-like::
    
    cell.a = numpy.eye(3) * 2
    cell.a = [[2,0,0],[0,2,0],[0,0,2]]

Each row of the 3-by-3 matrix of :attr:`~Cell.a` represents a lattice vector
in Cartesian coordinate, with the same unit as the input :attr:`atom` parameter.

.. note:: It is recommended that the input lattice vectors (row by row) form a 

>           right-handed coordinate system.

Reviewer: What happens if they don't form a rhs coordinate system?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The input lattice vectors (row by row) should form a right-handed coordinate system, as otherwise some integrals may be computed incorrectly in PySCF.
```

Basis set and pseudopotential
-----------------------------

PySCF uses the crystalline Gaussian-type orbitals as the basis functions
for solid calculations. The predefined such basis sets include 
the valence basis sets that are optimized for the GTH pseudopotentials 
(a whole list can be found in :source:`pyscf/pbc/gto/basis` and :source:`pyscf/pbc/gto/pseudo`).
The input format of `basis sets`_ for the :class:`Cell` object is the same 
as that for the :class:`Mole` object.
In addition, the predefined basis sets and ECPs for molecular calculations 

> can be used in solid calculations as well

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether the molecular section should talk about ECPs...

Does PySCF implement GTH pseudopotentials, or how are the GTH sets used in PySCF?

Reviewer 2: I will clarify in next PR

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/pbc/05-input_pp.py

Finally, custom basis sets can be defined just like that in molecular calculations

.. literalinclude:: /../examples/pbc/04-input_basis.py

Low-dimentional systems
-----------------------

> PySCF :mod:`pbc` module supports the low-dimensional periodic systems. You can initialize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PySCF  :mod:`pbc` module also supports low-dimensional periodic systems. You can initialize
```

Other parameters
----------------
The other attributes of the :class:`Mole` class such as :attr:`verbose`,
:attr:`max_memory`, :attr:`spin`, etc., have the same meanings in the :class:`Cell` class.

.. note:: Currently, point group symmetries for crystals are not supported.

Accessing AO integrals
======================

The :func:`Mole.intor` method can only be used to evaluate the integrals with open boundary
conditions. When the periodic boundary conditions of crystalline systems are
studied, one needs to use the :func:`pbc.Cell.pbc_intor` function to evaluate the
integrals for short-range operators, such as the overlap and kinetic matrix::

  overlap = cell.pbc_intor('int1e_ovlp')
  kin = cell.pbc_intor('int1e_kin')

By default, the :func:`pbc.Cell.pbc_intor` function only returns the :math:`\Gamma`-point
integrals. If k-points are specified, it will evaluate the integrals at each k-point::

  kpts = cell.make_kpts([2,2,2])  # 2x2x2 Monkhorst-pack mesh
  overlap = cell.pbc_intor('int1e_ovlp', kpts=kpts)

.. note:: :func:`pbc.Cell.pbc_intor` can only be used to evaluate the short-range
  integrals. PBC density fitting methods have to be used to compute the integrals for

>   long-range operators such as nuclear attraction and Coulomb repulsion.

Reviewer: The integrals don't even converge if you don't combine them!

Reviewer 2: I will clarify in next PR
